---
_filters: []
_contexts: []
_links: []
_sort:
  field: rank
  asc: false
  group: false
---
- [ ] Write (new(?)) 4062 story
- [ ] Email about A/L to Selwood (11th? June)
- [ ] **Finish WRITING THE SHAREPOINT COMPARISON**
- [ ] Respond to actions from Adam's DevOps sorting
- [ ] Clear any flagged emails from Selwood PC
- [ ] Test removal of unmanaged solution
- [ ] List of plugins (Selwood)
- [ ] Turn off Teams notifications on phone (Dev GC)
- [ ] Setup theming to use env variable

- [x] Speak to Ash re: BA cover
- [x] Speak to Ria following Ash convo
- [x] Send Ria & Nick Ash CV ‚úÖ 2024-05-08
- [x] Speak to Ash re: [[BPF migration]]
- [x] Initial investigation into 4378
- [x] Update 4052 with solution
- [x] Investigate UAT outlook setup
- [x] Respond to 4395
- [x] Investigate [[Connected People (Cases)]] ‚è´ üõ´ 2024-05-08 ‚úÖ 2024-05-08
~~- [ ] Speak with PM Ash re: capacity to upgrade~~ Literally no idea what this means
- [x] Write out [[DCP de-dupe flowchart]] for Caz
- [x] Write new polymorphic lookup story üìÖ 2024-05-08
- [x] Read Peabody report ‚è¨
# Day Specific 
[[10th May 2024]]